By now you're probably aware that the sealed 30 ton black granite sarcophagus
has been opened,
which was recently discovered in Alexandria Egypt and made headlines around the
world.
As everyone waited to see what would be found inside and speculation flourished
on the internet and in the news with suggestions ranging from ancient Egyptian
mummies, containing riches and treasure to the last remains of Alexander.
The great to even an ancient curse that would lead to a zombie apocalypse,
but what they did find where the gruesome remains of three mummies,
or should I say skulls with their skeletons along with a disgusting
and horrendously foul odor red sewage,
which I'll be discussing and sharing more photos of in just a moment.
But first of all,
there is way more to this story than the pictures and the details that were
reported by the news,
because a few things that they shared about it just do not add up.
And in this video,
I'm going to connect the dots and some really interesting information about
this,
as well as share additional photos that didn't make the headline articles going
around the world on this topic now real quick,
if you haven't watched my previous video that I made before the sarcophagus was
opened,
be sure to check that out and I'll include a link pop up at the end of this
video,
so you can watch it as I discussed many interesting details that I won't be
mentioning again in this video.
But one point that I did make was that the opening of this sarcophagus should be
done on live TV or through live streaming,
which ultimately did not happen and is a total shame for a variety of
reasons that aside the process of opening the sarcophagus was very difficult.
The pit that is buried in is 16 and a half feet or five meters deep.
And it's easier to appreciate just how deep that is when you see pictures of it.
And you can see here that the even tide two ladders together to climb down into
the pit, to open the lid, which was sealed with a thick mortar,
the utilize wedges to pry it open and then stack wood in between the lid and the
sarcophagus to elevate it.
But something happened as soon as they cracked it open.
The smell of the red sewage inside was so pungent that they had to stop working
and leave the pit. In fact,
the smell was so bad that at first they thought that the fumes could be lethally
toxic. So they put on surgical masks before continuing.
And in this photo, you can actually see here,
Mustapha was Ziri the secretary general of Egypt,
Supreme council of antiquities being the very first person to look and see
what's inside this massive stone box.
And this here is what he saw the pool of a red colored sewage that they
claimed must have leaked into the sarcophagus at some point after it was buried.
So at this time they decided to completely remove the massive 15 ton lid.
And when I say massive,
you have to compare it to the size of people to truly appreciate it.
But the whole sarcophagus itself measures nearly nine feet long,
five and a half feet wide and six feet tall.
And you can see the metric conversion here in this photo,
but to lift and remove the lid,
they of course do use heavy machinery a crane do so, and just look at this lid.
Isn't that thing amazing. Of course, in my prior video,
I discussed the issues involved with cutting and carving this black granite
stone and how saw us as theorized by Egyptologists and archeologists could not
have done this, especially not with this level of precision.
And I also mentioned how archeologists suggest that ropes and pulleys were used
by the ancients to lift or lower heavy stones.
And although I do not doubt the use of police by the ancients,
it must be mentioned that no police or ropes have ever been found from the
ancient Egyptians that were large enough or strong enough to have sustained this
level of weight. But that of course does not mean that they didn't exist either,
but it's just important for everyone to see what it takes in modern times to
lift something of this weight, a massive fricking hydraulic crane.
And while we're at it,
look at the surroundings of where this was found in the middle of the densely
populated city of Alexandria Egypt.
So it of course makes you wonder what else could be buried in the immediate area
around it. What is hidden just meters underneath these buildings here?
And don't forget that this sarcophagus was discovered by accident by a
construction crew working on the new building,
but getting back to the red sewage that was found inside the sarcophagus,
it must be mentioned that in the three weeks,
since the discovery and prior to opening it,
there was no smell or evidence of sewage within the pit.
We all remember the considerable amount of speculation about what could be
hidden inside and not one single person involved with this discovery said
anything about the smell of death emitting from the seal box.
And let's not forget that they were very specific and stating that the lid was
steeled with thick mortar. So wait a second.
If sewage was somehow able to leak into this sealed sarcophagus at some point,
which is exactly what they stated about,
it's why then couldn't they smell it until after the lid had already been
opened. I mean,
they specifically stated that it wasn't until after the pride opened the lid
that they could smell it. And again, we can see that before it was open,
nobody was wearing masks and once they cracked it open, they all did. I mean,
I wasn't there. So I obviously do not know all the details involved,
but what makes them so sure that this sewage came from outside and leaked
its way in,
because it seems to me that this red sewage is actually what's left of the
decayed bodily fluids of the three individuals that they found inside.
They of course pump the fluid out. And when they did,
this is what you could see. Absolutely disgusting. Right?
What you're looking at are the skeletal remains of three individuals.
And here are the other photos provided by Egyptian antiquities where you can see
it from above and also photos of the three skulls that they pulled from it.
So there's a few things to discuss about this first is that the only thing
inside were the bones and the fluid, nothing else, no clothing,
no jewelry, just bones and sewage.
And you can see that came from two different sources.
So it sounds like these three people were essentially naked when they were put
into this box. And well, I'll discuss more about that in a second,
but Mostafa was Zuri also clarified that none of the mummies belonged to the
telomeric period, which is about 2300 years ago,
as was previously suggested,
particularly due to the alabaster head found not far from this sarcophagus,
it's been suggested that the three individuals could have been warriors or
soldiers during the time of the pharaohs.
And they suggest this due to the trauma to one of the skulls found,
which could be from an arrow through the head.
Obviously this is all speculation. It could be true,
but we really have no idea because there was nothing found in this stone box
other than the bones.
And what I believe to be the leftover indicated bodily fluids of these three
naked dead people found inside of it. Additionally,
there were no inscriptions or works of art of any kind within the box or outside
of it, which is actually highly unusual.
And here you can see a similar example of a sarcophagus of this kind and all the
incredible hieroglyphs found both in and outside of it.
So there are none found on the newly discovered sarcophagus and yet various news
outlets are still suggesting that the box is from the Ptolemaic period,
which is certainly ridiculous. It's beyond clear,
this box was reused.
And the three people found inside were not the original person or things meant
for it. One thing that stood out to me were the skulls.
At least one of them appears to be a bit small and I am by no means an expert on
skeletal remains.
And it was actually suggested that this was perhaps a family burial,
but maybe these were young adults, a female who knows. But again,
these people were apparently buried,
naked and left with no type of inscription or marker of any kind on their grave,
which is a bit suspicious. I can't help,
but think that perhaps three people went missing thousands of years ago and
someone got rid of the bodies in a way that nobody should ever find them.
I mean, think about it.
They were murdered and dumped naked into the stone box and it was sealed up.
The remains are actually now being moved to the Alexandria national restoration
museum where they will be examined to identify cause of death and possible age.
And the sarcophagus is being sent to a military museum.
So here is something that you're pretty much guaranteed to find disgusting slash
disturbing. Remember that red sewage that they found inside,
guess what they decided to do with it.
They kept some samples of it to be analyzed.
And the rest was literally dumped into the street.
And you can actually watch video of it here on YouTube.
And you can even tell when watching it,
that this guy's face reeked of guilt and the people watching and taking photos
around him. And although they were speaking Arabic and I couldn't understand it,
it seemed that they were giving this guy for doing what he was doing. I mean,
pouring the foul liquid remains of human bodies into the street,
around their homes. There are so many things wrong with this.
And besides the fact that it's an obvious health issue to the people in the
area, but they're also literally discarding the remaining evidence.
I don't know how much of this ancient mummy juice they kept to be analyzed,
but this is a profound example of the reckless negligent behavior on behalf of
the Egyptian antiquities and excavations.
Do you see what I mean with all of this said,
it will be interesting to see pictures of this sarcophagus once it is cleaned
out, but it really makes you wonder what was originally inside of it.
Clearly this thing was reused and there is certainly way more to the story than
meets the eye. I mean, think about what an incredible mystery this is.
People went to an incredible extent to cut and carved the stone block,
which was more than 66,000 pounds or more than 30 metric tons
all to just dump three naked bodies in it with no inscription of any kind.
No, no, no, no. There is way more to this story than meets the eye,
like I said earlier, and I'm very curious to see what your thoughts are.
So definitely leave me a comment and share what your insight is on this,
but I'll leave it at that. Hit the like button and subscribe. But I'm Jimmy,
this is bright insights and I have many more videos to come and a whole wide
variety of topics take care of everybody.